[17.0][MIG] impersonate_login (#680)
OCA/server-auth: impersonate_login/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module allows to login as another user. In the chatter, the user
> who is logged as another user is displayed. The mails and messages are
> sent from the orignal user. A table diplays the impersonated logins in
> technical. The user can return to his own user by clicking on the button
> "Return to my user". This module is very useful for the support team. An
> alternative module will be auth_admin_passkey.

Reviewer: I think it would be useful to emphasize that this module takes all the measures below for auditing and governance purpose. Something like the following:

```suggestion
This module allows one user (for example, a member of the support team) to log in as another user. The impersonation session can be exited by clicking on the button "Back to Original User".

To ensure that any abuse of this feature will not go unnoticed, the following measures are in place:

* In the chatter, it is displayed who is the user that is logged as another user.
* Mails and messages are sent from the original user.
* Impersonated logins are logged and can be consulted through the Settings -> Technical menu.

There is an alternative module to allow logins as another user (auth_admin_passkey), but it does not support these security mechanisms.
```
